Good evening Good evening What are you talking about, and you Well Ask seriously to answer any question But if I can’t answer right away I’ll say that I don’t know what you think After the defeat of Russia in this war, how much the state will fall apart and what did you decide that Russia would tolerate defeat and said that you will not answer, let's do it, let's do it if Russia is defeated in this war, as far as the state orders, please repeat again if Russia loses in this war, to what extent the state will fall apart I don’t even know the answer Where When the Russians were knocked out of Kherson then there is Russia they are grinding it gives us weapons the west on where where to grind explain please it turns out Russia is winning now yes now it is winning it won in Kherson for example yes I don’t be upset from the Kharkiv region they were taken out of the Kyiv Chernihiv region in the first place Firstly why Zelensky Where are they Where Putin and Zelensky it's a secret how do you know it
and they reported to me who reported the psychiatrist type on the Internet hammer the question Why did Russia depart to the father Specifically where where was this meeting Where can we read Why Let's Why Russia withdrew troops by his father and Kharkov this fool Google says so the Russian troops suffered a crushing defeat in the Kharkov region before this is Russia cool grandfather I love when you get burned Awesome I want to see Show me this fact where Zelensky on his knees in front of Putin asked to take troops from Kyiv I will show it to all Ukrainians from us this is not to run away I want to know the truth I will tell all subscribers this truth Show me and now you tell me I want these Zelensky climbed on his knees in front of Putin show me Grandfather you are our only hope We are being deceived they say that Russia fled from the Kyiv region of Kharkov Kherson it turns out Zelensky humiliated himself on his knees in front of Putin show me this news I want this I want to show my own subscribers No you eat  you understand the secrets of this knowledge
[laughter]
nauseating In short,
we found the key
you will not find it to
you from where the pancake was reported